docs: Misc updates (#20212)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/get-started-vscode.md

# Get Started on VS Code

> This guide will walk you through the set-up process for building apps with Uno Platform under Windows, Linux or macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the setup process for building apps with Uno Platform under Windows, Linux, or macOS.
```
